# Macro Micro VR Service - Release Log
Release Log: https://github.com/xavier150/MMVS/wiki/Release-log

###  v0.4.4 Alpha
- New: Talas animation for switch Check sole side.
- New: Talas animation on Talas Bed.
- New: You can now control Toy Car in VR (Locomotion buttons)
- New: You can now open an users board in full screen (Use Tab)
- New: VR Full hand tracking supported (Open XR)
- New: VR PlayArea is now vissible in using teleport.
- New: UI Redesign with users board.
- New: UI Redesign with chat menu.
- New: UI Redesign with game propertys.
- New: UI Custom cursor for edit text and default mouse.
- New: UI Custom cursor for preview cobble hand position in game.
- New: You can now copy texts from the chat menu.
- New: Better Game Master menu with property and action.
- New: Graphics options (Global Illumination, Reflection, Shading, Motion Blur)
- New: You want set the frame rate limit for VR and non VR
- New: Debug option for Path Tracing render method.
- New: Game start option for change damage difficulty.
- New: You can now land on all soft surface without take dammages.
- New: New cheat mode using the chat menu.
- Change: New pass on the english texts and spealing check.
- Change: Talas and Coble now use the same Skeleton hierarchy.
- Change: Refactoring with Animations scripts.
- Change: Partial refactoring with Animation Situation System.
- Change: Migrate Animation Situation System to C++ Plugin.
- Change: Refactoring with XR/VR Hands.
- Change: Refactoring with VR Module(VR Grab, VR Fingers, VR Teleport, VR UI)
- Change: Partial refactoring with Tooltips and Control Overall.
- Change: Partial refactoring with Player Character.
- Change: Start of using Gameplay Ability System with character and animations scripts.
- Change: Partial refactoring with Character Stuck Zone System.
- Change: Migrate Character Stuck Zone System to C++ Plugin.
- Change: Partial refactoring with messages and notify System.
- Change: Partial refactoring with Network class.
- Change: Start of using External AI Engine for Control Game Master.
- Fixed: Game Master and VR outline don't work and generate Graphical Issues.
- Fixed: Notify message when a player leave don't show up.
- Fixed: Custom Render Method don't work when it Lumen by default.
- Fixed: Most VR/XR issues are now fixed.
- Fixed: Most of non AI issues are now fixed.
- Fixed: Scaled 0.05 micro character can fall through the ground. (Floor collision update)
- Fixed: Micro Character can get stuck to sole when under the rug.
- Fixed: Error values in UI.
- 
