# Macro Micro VR Service - Release Log
Release Log: https://github.com/xavier150/MMVS/wiki/Release-log

###  v0.4.3 Alpha

- AI Patrol points code fully updated.
- New ingame file manadger.
- New Import / Export support for customization saves.
- The new customization menu is now functional.
- Game has better perfs in menu.
- Engine Update.
- AI use less perfs.
- Shoe animation update.
- New Cobble animations in shoes.
- More intraction in the shoe.
- Several Cobble can be in the shoe ate same time. (More slots)
- New notify messages for better feedback.
- Better fade and transition effect for the all menus.
- Fixed: Gamemaster mode is not visible by clients.
- Fixed: AI stop moving and turn in all direction without reason.
- Fixed: Interact Icon is visible only when focused.
- Fixed: Interact Icon blink every seccond 8 seconds.
- Fixed: Interact Icon do motion blue when you switch focus.
- Fixed: Orb despawn animation light don't work.
- Fixed: Orb interaction icon is still here after orb despawn.
- Fixed: Plumbing pipe door interaction icon is still here when opened.
- Fixed: Open XR input don't work with new Input system.
- Fixed: Some text use the wrong index.
- Fixed: Player Focus (Menu / Game input) in multiplayer is wrong.
- Fixed: Interaction don't work in multi player.
- Fixed: Orb interaction don't work in multi player.
- Fixed: It is possible to interact with the shoes when they are occupied by a foot.
- Fixed: Gamepad/Keyboard mode don't switch in Pause menu without Common UI Plugin.
- Fixed: Customization menu don't work.
- Fixed: Game master menu do loop clic sounds.
- Fixed: Game master menu don't close when you back to micro.
- Fixed: Game master menu can crash the game durring open.
- Fixed: Unable to move the sliders for editing stuck/unstuck chance.
- Fixed: Customization menu still play when exit customization menu.
- Fixed: Some settings options doesn't work.
- Fixed: Stuck/Unstuck game master values work only when set by the game master.
- Fixed: Talas shoe has one frame of delay from Talas paws.
- Fixed: The animation of a character stuck to sole don't update for host player in pultiplayer.
- Fixed: Footed toes animation is wrong when Talas use object. (Door, Chairs, Bed)
- Fixed: It not possible to exit Cobble Bed.
- Fixed: Bed animation and car animation don't work in multiplayer.
- Fixed: Situation de sync in multiplayer and may crash the game.
- Fixed: Chat text can't be open back when closed.
- Fixed: Edit dirt mask in debug menu don't work.
- 
