# Macro Micro VR Service - Release Log
Release Logs: https://github.com/xavier150/MMVS/wiki/Release-logs

###  v0.4.4.2 Alpha

- RHI Update (DirectX 12 -> DirectX 11) DX12 is too unstable on slow computer.
- New: Added missing animation, Clean stomp animations.
- New: More inshoe animations.
- New: Popup for check apply settings before save. (Avoid protential issues with low computers)
- New: New translation texts.
- New: Talas can look at Game Master Mouse.
- New: More in shoe teasing with AI.
- New: New teleporters in Lumen level and Talas sole level.
- New: New background in Lumen level and more places to play.
- New: Graphics option for switch On/Off Lumen Hardware RayTracing.
- New: Graphics option Use Temporal Upsample removed. (Inclide with TSR AA)
- New: Better CPU optimization.
- Refactoring with Interaction cache and tick system.
- Refactoring with Talas Sole Stuck Zones.
- New setup update on the toycar Mechanical. (Change drive gameplay)
- Default Settings Update.
- Fixed: Cheat codes for spawn characters don't work.
- Fixed: Some translation texts are not translated.
- Fixed: Some popup don't show the cancel text option.
- Fixed: In shoe micro animation don't play when Talas wear his shoes.
- Fixed: Shoes animations blink at start/end.
- Fixed: Physics is animations is allway disable.
- Fixed: Action Inputs Keys not working in debug menu, customization menu and popup menus.
- Fixed: Talas don't see micro when stuck to sole.
- Fixed: Switch GameMaster button is enabled in VR.
- Fixed: Stuck to sole FPV Camera use wrong mode.
- Fixed: Some teleporters and light switch don't work in lumen map.
- Fixed: AI Choose Routince Decision, may select invalid datas.
- Fixed: Some teleporter monitors don't enable with the teleporters in the teleport room.
- Fixed: Sky Done not visible with Path Tracer.
- Fixed: AI don't notice if you are pinned when stand against wall.
- Fixed: Missing Arms and Hands when playing guest on local server.
- Fixed: In multiplayer non host users don't see in shoe procedural anim layer.
- Fixed: VR Frame rate is limited by non VR Frame Rate limit.
- Fixed: VR Frame rate is limited at 30 fps when backgrounded. (Should work only in Non VR)
- Fixed: VR Interact don't work good if you not at the center of the VR Zone.
- Fixed: VR Inshoe camera clip under the shoe.
- Fixed: Reaction animations do not stop character AI from moving.
- Fixed: Cobble gets frozen in the air if he gets out of the toy car too fast.
- Fixed: Cobble Flat Sole Shader stop working in Toy car.
- Fixed: Some tuto panel don't show the correct translaton.
- Fixed: Some tuto panel show a croped translaton text.

