# Macro Micro VR Service - Release Log
Release Log: https://github.com/xavier150/MMVS/wiki/Release-log

###  v0.4.3.4 Alpha

- Talas stomp works better with AI.
- More refactoring in AI Tasks manager.
- More refactoring in AI Perception.
- More refactoring in AI Behavior tree.
- Chat menu will automatically scoll down when a new message is received.
- Game Master Action for look at closer micro.
- Game Master Action for look at the mouse.
- New video option for set Max FPS.
- New game master option for set Time Dilation.
- Base Micro AI Functional (Moving and situations)
- Talas AI can now use all sitting on floor animations.
- Talas AI have more control on Stomp.
- New cheat commands for spawn characters and set character scale.
- Fixed: Cobble getting stuck if Talas enter in his shoe and Cobble got stuck to the outsole.
- Fixed: It only possible to raise the right foot when Talas is standing on the glass table.
- Fixed: Music volume option don't change the music volume.
- Fixed: In the ToyCar Cobble use the wrong animation pose.
- Fixed: Some game actions may break the contextual situation. (Like stomp as you are on the sofa)
- Fixed: Game Master lost axe when invert.
- Fixed: Game notify hide the Text Chat.
- Fixed: Cobble jump velocity is wrong.
- Fixed: Talas AI can't see you when you stuck to his sole.
- Fixed: Stuck/Unstuck chance value don't work when Talas press between his paws.
- Fixed: Vore animation broke the camera position when you were vored.
- Fixed: Planar Reflection didn't work.
